Today's Ten Thousand Shang Conference is about what kind of literary position is alive.
Wan Jiaqi, why do you still sound like farting when you talk?
You just happen to be traveling in Wan, and you are not from the Wan family at all.
Come on, you really think we are fools and want all our families together.
You are just a caretaker. If you want to praise Wanjia’s high quality,
All the people from the Wan family will take advantage of you.
Yes, what is it?
This is our home, I can look at it.
What's wrong with my grades and high speed?
If you want to worry about it, we can do it.
Then I say that I am the eldest young master of the Wan family, do you believe it?
Thousands of enterprises
You see, no one believes you
He also said that he was the eldest young master of the Wan family
If it were really the eldest young master of the Wan family
That young master of the Wan family
How come I don't know you?
Yes, that's right
You were so noisy last time when we were leading each other
Young Master Wan’s family hasn’t settled the score with you yet.
Wait a moment, the young master of the Wan family will come
Let’s see how you can keep up with your feet
Who dares to think